in the third year of Cyrus king of
Persia a message was revealed to Daniel
whose name was called belteshazzar the
message was true but the appointed time
was long and he understood the message
and had understanding of the vision in
those days I Daniel was mourning three
full weeks I ate no Pleasant food no
meat or wine came into my mouth nor did
i anoint myself at all till three whole
weeks were fulfilled now on the 24th day
of the first month as I was by the side
of the great river that is the Tigris I
lifted my eyes and looked and behold a
certain man clothed in linen whose waist
was girded with gold of UEFA's his body
was like burl his face like the
appearance of lightening his eyes like
torches of fire his arms and feet like
burnished bronze in color and the sound
of his words like the voice of a
multitude and I daniel alone saw the
vision for the men who were with me did
not see the vision but a great terror
fell upon them so that they fled to hide
themselves therefore I was left alone
when I saw this great vision and no
strength remained in me for my vigor was
turned to frailty in me and I retained
no strength
yet I heard the sound of his words and
while I heard the sound of his words I
was in a deep sleep on my face with my
face to the ground suddenly a hand
touched me which made me tremble on my
knees and on the palms of my hands
and he said to me Oh Daniel man greatly
beloved understand the words that I
speak to you and stand upright for I
have now been sent to you well he was
speaking this word to me I stood
trembling then he said to me do not fear
Daniel for from the first day that you
set your heart to understand and to
humble yourself before your God your
words were heard and I have come because
of your words but the prince of the
kingdom of Persia withstood me 21 days
and behold Michael one of the chief
Prince's
came to help me for I had been left
alone there with the kings of Persia now
I have come to make you understand what
will happen to your people in the latter
days for the vision refers to many days
yet to come when he had spoken such
words to me I turned my face toward the
ground and became speechless
one having the likeness of the sons of
men touched my lips then I opened my
mouth and spoke saying to him who stood
before me my lord because of the vision
my sorrows have overwhelmed me and I
have retained no strength for how can
this servant of my lord talk with you my
lord as for me no strength remains in me
now nor is any breath left in me then
again the one having the likeness of a
man touched me and strengthened me and
he said o man greatly beloved fear not
peace be to you
be strong yes be strong so when he spoke
to me I was strengthened and said let my
lord speak for you have strengthened me
then he said do you know why I have come
to you and now I must return to fight
with the Prince of Persia and when I
have gone forth
indeed the Prince of Greece will come
but I will tell you what is noted in the
scripture of truth
no one upholds me against these except
Michael your prince
[Music]
you